Add a few words to explain "RS-485" to newer teams. (#385)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/power-and-electronics/connectors-and-wires.rst

      A small pinheader connector commonly used on servos and on some sensors.

   JST-PH

>       JST-PH is a type of connector. For FTC, the 3-pin and 4-pin options will be used most often. For the 3-pin connector, it is used for RS-485 connections between the Control Hub and Expansion Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      JST-PH is a type of connector. For FTC, the 3-pin and 4-pin options will be used most often. On the REV Control/Expansion Hubs, the 4-pin connector is used for encoder, I2C, analog, and digital connections. The 3-pin connector is used for the RS-485 connection between the Control Hub and Expansion Hub.
```
